What is it, babe?
Well, we're going to be getting married soon, and I feel like we deserve some alone time.
And with Dad gone, you deserve some space, too.
So, I think it's time for you to find your own house.
Would you agree?
Of course.
Great.
You're on the same page.
I actually agreed to let Emma throw me out.
What should I have said?
What?
You don't think I already know what's going on between me two?
We've got the same goal.
How many for the cash as well?
And how am I supposed to believe that?
Well, I did help with all the trauma.
The will exchanged, and I'm in the size.
Don't you think it's a little too late to be talking about who you trust, and who you don't?
What are you talking about?
You hired someone to steal the will the night before Ron had died.
Who's me?
You know it really bugs me, Daniel.
I know that you also happen to change that will before he died.
And I also happen to know that a guy like you want to do very well in jail.
So tell me, were you nervous to get caught?